Add Llama 2 and Llama 3 inference walkthroughs (#4)
alan-turing-institute/hpc-landscape: Baskerville/llama-download.md

# Llama download on Baskerville

We’ll be downloading the models from:

https://llama.meta.com/llama-downloads

> This involves agreeing to the T&Cs in order to get keys, then following the instructions in the [REAMDE](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This involves agreeing to the T&Cs in order to get keys, then following the instructions in the [README](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama3).
```

Author: Impressively spotted (had to read the suggested change with both lines next to each other several times before I got what was actually happening here!).

sys     14m53.573s
```

The size of the files on disk:

```shell
$ du -hs llama-2-*
25G     llama-2-13b
25G     llama-2-13b-chat
129G    llama-2-70b
129G    llama-2-70b-chat
13G     llama-2-7b
13G     llama-2-7b-chat
```

## 4. Download Meta Code Llama

```shell
$ cd codellama
$ ./download.sh
Enter the URL from email: https://download6.llamameta.net/*?...

Enter the list of models to download without spaces (8B,8B-instruct,70B,70B-instruct), or press Enter for all: <ENTER>
```

The total time taken to download all of the models:

```shell
real    324m52.569s
user    29m56.629s
sys     35m47.038s
```

The size of the files on disk:

```shell
$ du -hs CodeLlama-*
25G     CodeLlama-13b
25G     CodeLlama-13b-Instruct
25G     CodeLlama-13b-Python
63G     CodeLlama-34b
63G     CodeLlama-34b-Instruct
63G     CodeLlama-34b-Python
129G    CodeLlama-70b
48G     CodeLlama-70b-Instruct
129G    CodeLlama-70b-Python
13G     CodeLlama-7b
13G     CodeLlama-7b-Instruct
13G     CodeLlama-7b-Python
```

## 5. Make use of the models.

Having downloaded the models you’ll want to make use of them.
Take a look at one of the following files to see how to execute them for inference on Baskerville:

> 1. `llama3-inference-srun.md`: execute from the command line using `srun`.
> 2. `llama3-inference-sbatch.md` execute using a batch script.

Reviewer: I think this could be misconstrued as instructing the reader to do `srun llama3-inference-srun.md`, which wouldn't do much!

```suggestion
1. `llama3-inference-srun.md`: instructions for executing Llama3 on the command line using `srun`.
2. `llama3-inference-sbatch.md`: instructions for executing Llama3 using a batch script and `sbatch`.
```

Author: Agreed; these are really nice changes. Thanks for fixing this.
